Create weekly-meetings-2024.md (#282)
alan-turing-institute/open-research-community-management: project-management/1-1-meetings/Sophia-Batchelor/weekly-meetings-2024.md

# Sophia and Bastian Weekly Meeting Notes 

* [23 January 2024](#23-January-2024)
* [15 January 2024]

## 23 January 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * Currently working on pulling out sections that are relevant to members of the public without disabilities and reworking sentences.
  * ETA 2 weeks for working draft

> * **Objectives**
>   * Need updating but currently "in workflow task" so cannot be edited on my side 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Objectives**
  * Needed updating but currently "in workflow task" so cannot be edited on my side 
  * BGT "sent back" the first draft in Cezanne so that they can be edited again!
```
